# About-My-Independent-Study

The rapid development of AI across a vast range of areas has raised one recurring question: what is AI’s relationship to creativity and divergent thinking? This study will involve comparing and analyzing the differences between art generated by AI and art authentically created by humans. Both the website Character AI and I will receive the same character description which will be used to create our own version of a character. In this way the project will explore the idea of ‘authentic creativity’ through both the process and production of an image. The concept of character will be used to explore the idea of relatability, representation, and divergence.

My Learning Objectives:
1.	Analyze the relationship between AI and CCI, with a focus on key issues of AI and creativity;
2.	Interpret readings on AI as a creative form as they are relevant to the study; 
3.	Construct a critical argument regarding the issues surrounding AI and creativity as they relate to CCI;
4.	Apply theory, critically (meaning to use quotations and reference to scholarship) that analyzes concepts of AI and relevant topics, via written and visual assessment;
5.	Self-evaluate time management and preparation skills in content creation.

Now, I Have:
1.	Identified the key intellectual and historical frameworks for the development of culture, media and creative industries; 
2.	Distinguished and situated cultural, media and creative industries within relevant social, economic, political and cultural contexts and environments; 
3.	Contrast different cultural, media and creative industry models across varying disciplinary, interdisciplinary, and economic situations;
4.	Compare modes of production, consumption, use, and exchange within the convergent and participatory cultures of media; 
5.	Evaluate the influence of globalization on culture, media and creative industries and the people working within them, paying specific attention to the difference between international and national environments; 
6.	Analyze a key issue within culture, media and creative industries across multiple media and present research in a public academic forum; 
7.	Gained experience in a professional context within the culture, media and creative industries.

# My Perspective: Throughout this study, I have found the advantages and disadvantages of articial intelligence creating art. When comparing my ideas to computer generated drawings, I found lots of inspiration and ideas from the AI. However, I also found many limitations... such as, when it comes to drawing hands, hair, and dynamic poses, this is very difficult for AI to replicate. This topic first interested me as many artists are losing their jobs to artificial intelligence. After completing the study, I believe that AI can be used as a tool, however, the authenticity and personality of human created art can not be replicated. 
